what's up YouTube money here bringing
you a how-to on how to install your BMW
92 to 98 fog lights the ones I have
right now of originals before I had put
them are vinyl tint tint over room tint
film over them and they ended up
breaking unfortunately so I am here to
install these yep actual official yellow
glass fog lights now all you'll need is
fog lights and a flat head screwdriver
basically anything thin like the yeah
basically anything then okay so what
you're going to do I'm gonna just do one
for right now so let's bring out here
all right set this down all right so
this is the one I have right now now
there is a hole right here okay what
you're going to do you're going to take
a flat head screwdriver and you're going
to stick this right in that hole and
just going to push it this is this is a
switch right here it's like a swing door
type thing you push it and bam I didn't
want to come out like that but uh yeah
she usually just pop out okay so
basically are pretty much finished all
you have to do is unplug this and attach
it to this one and for you pretty much a
done so let me actually sit down my
camera and I do it real quick alright so
this is the one that I just took out
this is the original ones
and these are the new ones now this one
already came with the with the casing on
it still but you don't have to use it
just there just in case you lost yours
so um yeah so you just plug it in pop it
in you um all you have to do is hook it
back up and reverse the process
basically I do is put it into the side
I'll just do with this one click you
plug it back in push it to the side make
sure this side goes in first
na and it pops straight back in okay so
this was a how-to video on how to
install these fog lights and I will show
you what the result looks like in a bit
all right and here is the finished
product
the problem with the right one wasn't
even that it broke it was at the wiring
basically wasn't connected all the way
so before you buy instead of new ones
make sure you take them out and you make
sure that it's not the bulb is that
isn't actually broken because that was
the problem with mine just the
connection wasn't fully in the plug so
but we still swap them out just because
these look a lot better and uh I'll show
it to you what you look like what it
looks like a knight in a second
this is what they look like a night
you